Don't miss you rascal
Let go of me
I saw you fall and tried to save you
Why are you a hooligan?
Even if you fall, you fall on the bed
It can't hurt outside
Just trying to take advantage of me
Let go of me I didn't
You have it, you are still holding it, let go
supper
I warn you not to tell anyone what just happened
In addition, if we go to the company
Don't mention our relationship to others
Do you hear me?
God bless
Hurry up and sign this contract
Uncle, why is this contract again?
I will not sign
Why not sign
There is a problem with the supplier of this contract
Unless you change suppliers
Otherwise I will never sign
I found the supplier.
How could there be a problem? You'd better sign it quickly.
Do not sign Zhang Hsien Yao
I'm asking you one last time
To sign or not to sign?
Don't you understand the original words?
My wife has said twice that she will not sign